#### Research
**Reflecting user feedback to improve intelligent systems (2021.01 - Now)**
People interact with intelligent systems (a.k.a., AI-based systems) everyday, while not being aware. As innate characteristics of intelligent systems differ from traditional systems, different processes of design, prototyping, and evaluation of them should be proposed. For instance, evaluating intelligent systems should incorporate not only (1) user experience and perception but also (2) algorithmic performance, which the latter was not considered before. Based on our formative interviews, the evaluation of human-facing intelligent systems is not successfully reflecting user needs. It has the two-fold problem that (1) it is hard to incorporate user needs in the system from the perspective of developers, and (2) it is hard to provide feedback on the results of intelligent systems from the perspective of users. In this work, we want to leverage end-user feedback for improving the intelligent system. 


<!-- - **Supporting the Designer-Developer Communication in Designing AI Devices (2021.01 - Now)**
Since professional designers and developers have very different skills, supporting communication to drive successful collaboration is always a challenge. When creating an AI device, communication complexity potentially increases over creating a physical product or a GUI-based system. We first explore what kind of challenges designers and developers face, especially when designing AI devices, and try to support them through crowdsourcing. -->

**<a href = "https://winder.kixlab.org">Linking Speech and Visual Objects to Support Communication in Asynchronous Collaboration</a> (2020.07 - Now, collaborated with [Tae Soo Kim](https://www.taesookim.com/))**
Team members commonly collaborate on visual documents remotely and asynchronously. Particularly, students are frequently restricted to this setting as they often do not share work schedules or physical workspaces. As communication in this setting has delays and limits the main modality to text, members exert more effort to reference document objects and understand others’ intentions. We propose Winder, a Figma plugin that addresses these challenges through linked tapes—multimodal comments of clicks and voice. 
<!-- Bidirectional links between the clicked-on objects and voice recordings facilitate understanding tapes: selecting objects retrieves relevant recordings, and playing recordings highlights related objects. By periodically prompting users to produce tapes, Winder preemptively obtains information to satisfy potential communication needs. Through a five-day study with eight teams of three, we evaluated the system’s impact on teams asynchronously designing graphical user interfaces. Our findings revealed that producing linked tapes could be as lightweight as face-to-face (F2F) interactions while transmitting intentions more precisely than text. Furthermore, with preempted tapes, teammates coordinated tasks and invited members to build on each others’ work. -->

**<a href = "https://protochat.kixlab.org">Supporting the Conversation Design Process with Crowd Feedback</a> (2019.03 - 2020. 05)**
Conversation design is an essential step in building a chatbot. Much like designing visual user interfaces, designing conversations benefits from prototyping and testing with users to explore and improve possible and existing conversation flows. However, it can be overwhelming to quickly iterate the conversation design as the iterative process requires not only the conversation design but also building and testing a working chatbot equipped with the conversation. We developed _ProtoChat_, a prototype system that supports an iterative design of conversation by allowing designers to (1) prototype conversations, (2) test the conversations with crowds, and (3) review and analyze the crowdsourced conversation data. 
<!-- Results of an exploratory study with four conversation designers show that the designers successfully iterated on their conversation design by reviewing how crowds followed the conversation, which provided insights on concrete action items to improve their conversation design. -->

**Integrating Reflection and Practice into Video Learning Improves Learning Experience and Design Performance (2018.08 - Now, collaborated with [Janet Huang](http://janetyc.github.io))**
Learners use online videos to acquire new knowledge to perform complex tasks. However, novices face challenges in applying knowledge to the task to achieve high-quality outcomes. This work explores a scaffolding structure to support video learners to learn through and from experience towards the goal of performing design tasks. We introduce the Reflection-Practice workflow to support a reflective video learning process. Furthermore, we introduce the scaffolded prompting to facilitate reflection and revision to improve work performance. We conducted two studies with 82 crowdworkers to understand the effect of our reflective design on poster design tasks. 
<!-- Results show that participants reported an increase in self-efficacy and improved design quality after following our workflow; participants who got Scaffolded prompting reported a higher willingness to improve their design than without prompting. Our findings show that integrating reflection and practice into video learning can improve learning experience and ultimately lead to better outcomes. -->

